[Music]
welcome
to my little studio
this has been at the bottom of the
garden for the longest time and it's
basically used for storage and stuff
and it's about time it was turned into a
little fitness
studio thing it just makes sense like
obviously the gym's not being
open in the uk and whatnot so of course
i'm going to share
my whole little converting journey i've
been running
around like just doing those stuff in
here i trained in here this morning
but definitely have been desperately
needing that to change like the floor
and just to put some mats on top because
i was conscious that i was going to ruin
the floor without you know like lifting
heavy weights and stuff on it so
basically it's like i need a name for
something but yeah it's like a little
studio space
just in the bottom of my garden really
perfect penelope is like
having me in the garden with her like i
think she thinks have her like play
friend
started doing bits and bobs like two
days ago on it and i cleared everything
from here and i was gonna say i nearly
didn't vlog this like you know when you
get so excited about something like
i started bringing my max and i was like
no live yet but i haven't got everything
for it yet
but i had a bike delivered like an
exercise bike i got it off facebook
marketplace which is a godsend
i absolutely love that you can get some
really good bargains and
this is brand new as well so i'll show
you that in a sec i've had some
that's delivered it's an absolute mess
right now because
i need to get a map for like the front
door because obviously i'm coming
straight in from the garden so
my feet are always muddy and i want to
keep it nice and tidy and then
just going to clear it out now it needs
a mop it's a
hoover but yeah just makes so much sense
isn't it because i film all my videos
from like my kitchen mainly whereas i
can film some content in here
workout content it's going to be so much
better and also just have some
separation
because i've really been finding it like
working from my kitchen relaxing from my
kitchen
like just gets a bit much and i think
it's just nice to be able to like close
the door on somewhere
just that work separation from
everything else and
it's just like a little bit of my little
face obviously mason's gonna use it as
well because it's gonna be a gym
as soon as you get i really want to get
some like
cabling machines i want to make sure
we'll fit in here because the ceiling
isn't massive there's a spider up there
massive spider bit that needs to go out
into the garden i've got some weights
instead of last summer with the first
lockdown
so i've already got my barbell and some
dumbbells and whatnot so i've just moved
that in here so
far and then i've got my lovely shoes a
dyson like air purifier
it's a little bit damp in here at the
moment so i'm going to try and try this
out i'll show you around
you probably recognize this from some of
my instagram pictures but obviously
because there's the two opening by
folding doors
like when it gets warmer in the summer
months which isn't for long anyways in
the uk able to open those
i'm through here it's all alarmed as
well see that the garden's right here
if he's just watching me thinking what
on earth are you doing this was her like
poo spot to be honest
yeah this is it right now just mirror on
the wall already and
here are the windows so it's really nice
and light we've got a back door so i'll
show you about
the back and some like storage corners
so it's perfect like
it's a really good space so you get an
idea
for size
[Music]
so
what are you doing she won't come in
she will not want to get those tootsies
[Music]
wet
[Applause]
we've got the mats down and now we're
just going to put up
the squat rack that we've managed to get
blows these are actually out of stock
so it's quite tricky to get one i
thought it was just gonna be a quick job
but there's so many parts to it
so that is our plan right now the sun's
come out now it's still quite cold
but lovely we've ended up going for a
half rack
rather than like the separate individual
squat wrap poles
i thought that would be better because
it's not like crazy
wide in here we could start with a half
rack see how we get on and then
possibly like upgrade to a full wrap or
add like more equipment
but with this you've got loads of
options because you can add like a high
pulley
which we've already got like those cable
attachments and stuff so this just made
the most sense i'm gonna help mason now
[Music]
that's what it takes
a few moments later
hello so i'm going to show you around
our like
semi pretty much kind of finished home
gym so you come
here leave your shoes at the door i've
got the patio doors that you come
through
i've got some lights i'm going for it
it's getting a bit dark i keep calling
it like the garden shed
but it's like a studio perfect size
space like for
me mason to get our home workouts in
this is the first thing
that i picked up for the day of facebook
marketplace which is amazing
for gym equipment like it's brand new
just a lovely little bike that i can sit
on
ever since i did that david goldman's
challenge in logan
just sitting on an exercise right like
saying do my emails or whatever
and then over here she's got a foam
roller a jewel shark
barbell pad kettlebell and then just
these little dumbbells
hopefully going to get some like hex
dumbbells at some point
and then this is what we set up
yesterday which you will
see so happy about this thing we managed
to get a
squat rack and we already had an
existing barbell
that you have seen we're using in the
kitchen
it's pretty decent we ended up going
with the half rack which just makes more
sense
like i managed to address this obviously
and then we might get some
safety sputters we have this little
mirror
that's just a temple mirror for now we
just put that there for now and then
we've got some
weights and down there is a little
speaker
we also got like an air purifier this is
really good because
it does hot air obviously and it's like
an
aircon unit as well so every time you
have been popping that on
so that's very exciting so right yes
this is
this corner lovely like windows
okay oh my god what are you doing here
what are you doing and finally really
like sitting here
she keeps pottering in and she's really
molten at the moment so like
i keep having to hoover this thing which
is quite difficult because
of the light grips but yeah to mention
that we ended up going with
stable mats you are cheeky aren't you
we ended up going with stable mats which
are pretty decent
what's wrong are you touching on me
are you off to pretty good she's trying
to expose me
that's the messy corner right now just
down here it's just this little step
i wouldn't actually recommend this stuff
to be honest i got it off amazon last
year
and it's a bit of the same it's not the
sturdy thing and we've got this little
ab be one of those things i feel like
that won't get used
but it was pretty cheap to get it that
was good and i've
got an exercise mat i don't know whether
i should have got
another two mats to go here but i think
it'll do for now
so that is like everything that we've
got so far
and then around here is just this like
messy corner
mason's cleaning his car earlier we've
got a random blanket which
i sort of did my morning meditation in
here this morning it was a bit chilly so
then i got this seat cover inversion
boots very important
um skipping ropes here and then this is
just like other bits of equipment
and a massage gun some recovery bits and
then over here
we this is what we were going to met the
whole floor before with just these ones
off amazon but i felt like they were
just going to lift up
and get holes in them kind of easily so
i thought
against that and then yeah back door and
it's all like alarms and stuff but yeah
just waiting on some like more bits and
we've got we already have this from last
summer
so we've got this cable pulley which is
pretty good because i really am
that's the only thing that we kind of
need in here is like some form of cable
so you can actually attach this to
the pull-up bar earlier and you can do
something obviously upper body
movements and stuff like that so yeah
this is really good i'll link everything
that i've bought like from amazon or
whatever in the description box
down um below but yeah it's pretty much
it in here
so many ways like if you are wanting to
build like a home gym set
up there's so many ways you can do it to
suit your budget and you can sort of
spend as much
or as little as you want to you can find
so much stuff on
facebook marketplace ebay it's like a
lot more affordable
so yeah that's everything i'm joking
this cost us about
a thousand pound not everything weights
included
dumbbells included which it cost i think
we've got is some blinds so that is um
everything i wanted to share in
today's video i really hope you enjoyed
this one let me know if you have any
questions
in the comments down below and we'll
also like keep you updated on anything
that we do or like changing here
i do want to get some like i will make
it a bit more like life
full i want to add movies and signs and
whatnot so yeah
i hope you enjoyed this and i'll see you
in the next video
say bye penalty no
bye guys
[Music]
oh